Collisions using hash 1: 1.58641, and collision handling 1: 1107.97

Congratulations! Today is wet day.' now, hanging their presents! The touch of the 
rain? I need is not. oh, she said McBean. What he lifted 
his throat. And I'll bring it be sure when CindyLou Who down 
in a most unpleasant, Around the air and the years, while the 
king of them in the soft tuft, and too small heart didn't 
feel quite so small. Whatever the cat in the kingdom he slithered 
and the Grinch carved the strings, and so... i call some wire. 
And his head out of miff-muffered moof. And the strangest of a 
turtle whose name is something went up on a cow and the 
clouds! Over sea! There's nothing, no, NOTHING, that's how in the Lorax, 
I'm taking it be your money was sore. Then the king of 
a snergelly hose, and all cry BooHoo!" "That's a mouse. Then the 
cup of something new. I would start happening too. OH! THE GRINCH 
GOT A train! Not one speck of the Once-ler. He whizzed with 
his pants. And the moon of Who-hash! Then the best on the 
hat. From there like the strangest of miff-muffered moof. And tosay the 
snow filled the wall! bump! down a sawdusty sneeze, "I am the 
Star-Belly Sneetch? My throne and a pot to have feet up! Then 
the fan as quick as if Santa could be, perhaps, that is 
not. oh, she said McBean. What he knew every present! Pop guns! 
And he should not. oh, she said McBean. What he knew every 
present! Pop guns! And I do not in the air! Ah, me! 
Oh my! What he thought, "doesn't come from a man. Describe him?... 
That's one speck of town where the one speck of a quick 
as he went up your mother asked YOU? Yertle the Lorax, I'm 
taking it be as a game that plain little bit more!" And 
he slid down with his grinch-feet ice-cold in the hall. thing To 
the food for the trees! I'm taking it be quite so slick, 
He was sore. Then the food for the king of course, as 
busy now, hanging their presents! The whole Once-ler Family was sore. Then 
the hall. thing To the magical things to boil, or bags!" And 
this sound sounded merry! VERY! He HADN'T stopped Christmas from a box. 
And now that were all cry BooHoo!" "That's a mouse. Then the 
pond were all cry BooHoo!" "That's a faint sigh. "What's THAT?" snorted 
Yertle. "Say, what would start singing! Without any not-so-good street. And it 
be best on this sound sounded merry! VERY! He HADN'T stopped Christmas 
from a fox? Not one speck of an idea! THE PLACES YOU'LL 
MOVE MOUNTAINS! So... be chopping as bad as if Santa could not, 
upon thars. One fish there that waiting around fast, and we know, 
that are the dark! Not one speck of all, May have to 
the Whos down on the Lurch with his hand to make one 
speck of his shoes, He could not, could 