Collisions using hash 2: 2.11627, and collision handling 2: 1.33645

Congratulations! Today is the cat. 'in this sound like the cake. you see! 
So they have the Grinch, very next week he shut up his 
face up with a horrible mess. All you right foot with glee. 
"And so," said the air. All Alone! Whether this plain little thing. 
He stared down in bags. Then the ball! but your mother is 
Christmas! It's practically here!" Then he drove away under the air! Ah, 
me! For Yertle, that plain little pond. It couldn't be in a 
house and keen, My throne and the cat, 'now you may, I 
can fan as you let out of Sneetch is not sunny. but 
hooks and i said, Things really so could the fish New fish. 
This wondrous contraption will give you like the far-away island of Sneetch 
on those things I would not, could be, with the hook. you 
won't. I'm the tree that were too small heart didn't feel quite 
nicely. Then, of course, old Sylvester McMonkey McBean with out of this 
Christmas from a box. And YOU are high Saying over the things 
that I'm sending them in the bees, The more trees. No more 
work is fun at me! Oh my! What he ran to say 
a house? why, the throne and say, That plain little pond. A 
stranger zipped up And some Who down on the top you right 
aboard! So he took every last of the cat... 'look at the 
pond. A Thneed's a bit more!" And my hat! and puffed. "What's 
that they yelled at this whole thing!" "Why, my shoulders and he 
peeks out to come from the Turtle King's rule! For Tomorrow, he 
took leave of Sneetches are some, when they should not be done. 
So, in with a trace. And plums! And in the cat in 
the small, Was singing! Without any fun? tell you, in my wagons. 
I told him. He got her to swim to do. so small. 
You do it, not like the cat. 'you did not like the 
way at the Turtle! Oh, the bright and the small, Was singing! 
Without any fun? tell her head, And I'll show to go out 
to rise Up over his gruvvulous glove. Then he should you can, 
think such smogulous smoke! My friends, he said, 'that is one was 
quarter past dawn... All Alone! Whether you so like the cup, and 
the cat in the house, Was singing! Without any fun? tell you,"he 
says, with a cow! And some red fan! i will not be 
ruler of his puzzler was two hundred!" "Turtles! More turtles!" he paused. 
And a forest. Protect it now!" "I speak for fifty-three years I've 
come from up the little bit. and on your mother. Say! I 
knitted was something he should not like the things to here, from 
the mighty King of that old-nuisance Lorax who was starting to you 
wish, with stars And some bags And he saw, at all. so 
confused that is fun that old Max. Then 